17.9 release notes (#61)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/release-notes/ReleaseNotes_17_9.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Release Notes 17.9
---

# Release Notes 17.9

> This update provides fixes for customer-reported issues.

Author: ```suggestion
This document describes what has changed in Macrometa release 17.9.
```

Author: Let's try to use language that we can reuse for future releases. Future releases might include features, known issues, and so on as well as bug fixes.

Author: Also, if we can get an official release date, that would be great to include here.

> ## Fixed Issues

Author: Bug Fixes

> ## Fixed Issues

Author: ```suggestion
## Bug Fixes
```

* API-179 - Fixed issues with API server latency.
* STRM-296 / STRM-160 / STRM-215 - Fixed an issue where a metadata error in streams caused duplicate messages.

> * DEPL-168 / STRM-274 / STRM-255 - A timeout issue occasionally caused probe failures in Zookeeper.

Author: ```suggestion
* DEPL-168 / STRM-274 / STRM-255 - Timeout issues no longer cause probe failures in Zookeeper.
```

* DB-1340 - 

> * DB-1442 - If you added documents to a collection from different regions, occasionally a document would fail to add after trying to use a unique key claimed by another document.

Author: ```suggestion
* DB-1442 - Adding documents to a collection from different regions no longer fails when a unique key is claimed by another document.
```

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Release Notes 17.9
---

# Release Notes 17.9

> This document describes what has changed in Macrometa release 17.9.

Author: @jamesm-macrometa - I'm told there is an API call for checking the release you're on. Could you add a link to that in this paragraph?

## Bug Fixes

* API-179 - Fixed issues with API server latency.
* STRM-296 / STRM-160 / STRM-215 - Fixed an issue where a metadata error in streams caused duplicate messages.

> * DEPL-168 / STRM-274 / STRM-255 - A timeout issue occasionally caused probe failures in Zookeeper.

Author: ```suggestion
* DEPL-168 / STRM-274 / STRM-255 - Fixed a timeout issue occasionally caused probe failures in Zookeeper.
```
